# Canvas Webscraper Project (2021)
I wanted a way to automate downloading all my past lecture recordings from Canvas, my university's student portal. The project was never completed, however, as it seems the university has turned off my ability to download the lecture recordings after finishing my degree. I include the work in my portfio to give an example of my ability to use **object oriented programming** in **Python**. The file [`main.py`](https://github.com/HenryAlferink/PORTFOLIO/blob/main/Canvas_Webscraper_Project/main.py) calls all the others. The files within the folder [`CanvasPages`](https://github.com/HenryAlferink/PORTFOLIO/tree/main/Canvas_Webscraper_Project/CanvasPages) are used to interact with particular pages on the website. 

While the Canvas Webscraper is not finished, I made a **custom wrapper** for the Python package Selenium called [`SeleniumWrapper`](https://github.com/HenryAlferink/PORTFOLIO/tree/main/Canvas_Webscraper_Project/SeleniumWrapper) which is more or less finished. I made this wrapper because I was unhappy with how some of the Selenium package and API worked. In particular, when searching through a `HTML` document for a web element, the Selenium API would always return the first element found, raising no error if there were more than one of the same element found. To make this process more robust, my custom wrapper API returns the web element **but raises an error** if it finds more than one of the same element. This is more robust, as it eliminates the possibility of accidentally calling the wrong web element given there are more than one on the same page with similar features. There are more things I included in my wrapper, but the aforementioned is the most important.

I hope to use my custom wrapper in the near future for other web scraping applications.
